README.md, before:

# dft-electrocatalysis-Janik
 Tools supporting recent DFT electrocatalytic work in the Dr. Mike Janik group

The purpose of this repository is to provide tools derived from the models and DFT frameworks for modeling electrocatalytic reactions. 

Tools are, not limited to, Jupyter notebooks, Python scripts, excel sheets, and bash scripts for ease of use.
All tools will have the attached paper for further readings about the theory and frameworks.

# Current tools and manuscripts are as follows:
## Calculating Electrochemical activation barrier and quantifying electrode-electrolyte interfacial effects
    a. Our paper in Journal of Catalysis can be read here to learn more about the methodology. 
## Quantifying the Symmetry Factor as a function of the EDL properties and the electronic properties. 
    a. Currently in review at Nature Catalysis


Feel free to contact me (Andrew) for questions or suggestions at ajwongphd@gmail.com or jaw6647@psu.edu.
You can also contact Dr. Janik at mjj13@psu.edu for any details as well.

Commit message:

New Paper: Sensitivity analysis of EDL Approximations on CO* reduction
Uploaded a new "sub repo" to cover my latest paper regarding sensitivity of EDL approximation on electrokinetic predictions from DFT.

Python script, Excel sheet, and ZIP of CONTCARs to promote reproducibility and use of our analytical GC-DFT approach

README.md, after:

# dft-electrocatalysis-Janik
 Tools supporting recent DFT electrocatalytic work in the Dr. Mike Janik group

The purpose of this repository is to provide tools derived from the models and DFT frameworks for modeling electrocatalytic reactions. 

Tools are, not limited to, Jupyter notebooks, Python scripts, excel sheets, and bash scripts for ease of use.
All tools will have the attached paper for further readings about the theory and frameworks.

# Current tools and manuscripts are as follows:
## Calculating Electrochemical activation barrier and quantifying electrode-electrolyte interfacial effects
    a. [Our paper in Journal of Catalysis can be read here to learn more about the methodology.](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0021951724000733) 
## Sensitivity analysis of Electrochemical Double Layer (EDL) approximation on electrokinetic predictions: CO* Reduction on Cu
    a. Currently in review at The Journal of Physical Chemistry C.
## Quantifying the Symmetry Factor as a function of the EDL and electronic properties. 
    a. Currently in review at Journal of the American Chemical Society.


Feel free to contact me (Andrew) for questions or suggestions at ajwongphd@gmail.com or jaw6647@psu.edu.
You can also contact Dr. Janik at mjj13@psu.edu for any details as well.
